hello everybody and welcome to a run
supreme i am mark Krejci and today is
the day after Christmas so I merry
christmas everybody hope you're having a
wonderful holiday season and a very
happy new year it's pretty soon today I
am in I'm in st. Louis for Christmas and
as you can see we got a bit of snow it's
it snowed on Christmas Day started late
morning started coming down snowing so I
thought you know today why don't I talk
about winter running you know down in
Nashville we might get us know in fact I
think it did snow a little bit yesterday
but it didn't stick which is pretty
common so I want to talk about winter
running today and what that what that's
like it's definitely cold it's probably
right now low 20s 23 for something like
that and as you see I'm I'm pretty
bundled up I've got you know my my hat
on got your bike probably take off at
this point I'm doing a just over 13 mile
run today so plenty of opportunity to
get warm but I thought it'd take a look
at some of the gear that I've got to
keep me warm otherwise I couldn't come
out here so one of my favorite pieces is
this vest although it does make your
core much hotter but I liked a lot
because of these reflective strips on
them here and on the back so cars can
see so I always just throw that on when
I feel like my routes will be in
question right now I'm at rockwood
excuse me rockwood reservation and the
road is closed on either end so there's
not going to be anybody on the road so
I've got it all to myself the stuffing
in the middle of the road let's see this
this jacket here this blue one is it's a
marmot jacket I don't know what the
model number is or anything but it's
kind of like a
a wind blocker on the outside and then
it has like a fleece material on the
inside and it is awesome for winter
running it's just very very warm very
comfortable let's see under that I've
got just honestly because this jacket so
I just have a t-shirt short-sleeve
t-shirt and then then I have these I'm
not going to take it off but their arm
sleeves this one is made by zut so which
point I get hot I can just peel off the
arm sleeves and then put it on my waist
I have a waist belt that's I used to
carry my phone which is what I'm
shooting this video on iphone it's
actually a pretty cool little waist belt
let's see you can see it here there's a
clasp for the call is called tune belts
tune Bell and it has a clear screen on
it so that I can still operate the phone
without taking it out which is really
cool for using apps like RunKeeper I
don't always use runkeeper but I use it
a lot like today where I'm somewhere
where I don't know and the mileage may
vary a bit so this the spells great
there's actually not much else to it
which is great because it allows me to
strap stuff through it so I'll take off
the arm things if I get too hot and
drape them through there it would be
great and plus the lot of these type
products the ultimate Direction ones
they sell a lot of products with just
these clips on them so if I don't have
it on my water bottle is put on my waist
that way i can adjust by mileage and as
you can see I've got my five fingers on
today I did put on socks this time in GG
socks because last time of the last
video you saw I got some blood in here
from that seemed it was cutting me so I
thought well let me put some socks on
today I'll probably solve it plus it's
freezing out here and then these
wearing tights are also very nice there
they're fleece-lined sorry about the
corridor there they're fleece-lined
plant pants so I've got one pair that's
just sort of like that nylon fabric
these are fleece-lined which is very
nice and let's see what else ah my
shorts I guess I've got the race ready
shorts if you see that they're little
race readies which have little pockets
on them so dealing with a ingrown
toenail right now so in some of these
little pockets you can put things like
I've got a pill pack that's got some
ibuprofen if that if my ingrown toe
starts really hurt me sorry holding the
camera upside down so these pants are
great i only wear them in few occasions
but frequently or the frequency of runs
in winter I haven't changed at all I
still run normal I don't know if you
stop running when it gets a certain
temperature below freezing or whatnot or
try to do treadmill runs it that
certainly doesn't get this cold in
Nashville so I was just trying to still
keep going but it feels fine once you're
bundled up on the road or what other
thing is gloves I have some wind blocker
lows but honestly I typically just use
these which costs a dollar fifty so for
set of four excuse me instead of two
there's this real stretchy thin gloves
which after your hands warm up they're
fabulous that's all I wear on my hands
and so let's see what else is going on
starting next week my mileage will
increase a bunch because i'll add
another day to my runs i'll be running
on Sundays as well so i'm going tuesday
wednesday thursday saturday and then
sunday starting in january so that
should pop my mileage up which i'm ready
for i'm very excited for things are
going well again just wanted to say
hello to everybody wish you a Merry
Christmas and
happy new year and even if its cold yeah
they're run I'll see you out there on
the roads all right guys take care